+ Test project DataVault

1.Unzip project:
  ~$ unzip DataVault.zip -d destination_folder

2.Enter projec folder:
  ~$ cd ../DataVault

3.Use .rvmrc:
  Do you wish to trust this .rvmrc file? (/home/sedzen/work/ruby-blog/.rvmrc)
  y[es], n[o], v[iew], c[ancel]> y

4.Install gems:
  gem install bundler
  bundle install

5.Install Postgresql:
  http://blog.lot24media.co.za/2012/11/14/how-to-install-postgresql-9-1-on-ubuntu-12-10-linux/

6.Configure database.yml:
  rename database.yml.example to database.yml
  change username and password.

7.Create database:
  rake db:create:all
  rake db:setup

8.Run server:
  rails s
  "-p other port" for change port.

9.Enter the site :
  In your browser go to "http://localhost:3000/"
  Sign up or Sign in.
  Create Application with unique access_token.

10.Test with HTTPRequestor plug-in in Firefox:
  GET data from the site:
    url: "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/stored_data?access_token=APPLICATION_ACCESS_TOKEN"
  POST data to the site:
    url: "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/stored_data?access_token=APPLICATION_ACCESS_TOKEN&stored_datum%5Bkey%5D=admin&stored_datum%5Bvalue%5D=admin%40mail.com"

  use "rails c" for generating params for POST request:
    1.9.3p327 :008 > [{"stored_datum"=>{"key"=>"admin", "value"=>"admin@mail.com"}}].to_param
     => "stored_datum%5Bkey%5D=admin&stored_datum%5Bvalue%5D=admin%40mail.com"
  make url:
     url: "http://localhost:3000/api/v1/stored_data?access_token=APPLICATION_ACCESS_TOKEN" + "&stored_datum%5Bkey%5D=admin&stored_datum%5Bvalue%5D=admin%40mail.com"

11. Your opportunities:
  Sign_up or Sign_in with unique email and password.
  Add Application and see list of all yours applications.
  See the data collected for each application.

  Using curl or HTTPRequestor you can take or create all data for application using access_token.
